Demo Script for CDS Authoring Tool (8/1/17)
This is a list of steps to run a demonstration of the main features of the CDS Authoring Tool.

1. User selects "Artifacts" tab
2. Create a new artifact by entering the "Artifact Name" and "Version" and clicking "New Artifact"
  Name: Basic_Statin_Artifact
  Version: 1
3. User opens the artifact by clicking the name of the artifact in the list.
4. User searches for and selects "Age Range" element
  - User can use the scroll on the dropdown, the search bar, filter by the dropdown on the right, or use the browse modal by selecting "Browse" on the far right.
5. User enters an element name (target_age) and any age (minimum = 40, maximum = 75)
6. User selects AND from the dropdown directly beneath the element
7. User search for and selects "Diabetes" element
8. User clicks "Add Expression" on the element to add expressions
9. User selects expressions in the following order: Active, Confirmed, Exists
10. User searches for and selects "ASCVD Risk Assessment"
11. User clicks "Add Expression" on the element to add expressions 
12. User selects the following expressions: 
  - Look Back and enters a number and selects the unit from the dropdown (6 years)
  - Verified
  - Most Recent
  - Quantity Value
  - Value Comparison and selects either one or both operators and enters either one or both numbers in the value box. (>= 7.5)
13. User can click "Save" at the top right at any time to save progress on the artifact.
14. User switches to Exclusions tab
15. User searches for and adds "Pregnancy dx" element
16. User selects OR from the dropdown directly beneath the element
17. User searches for and adds "On Statin Therapy" element and adds the following expressions: Active, Exists
18. User switches to the Subpopulations tab
19. User clicks the "New Subpopulation" button
20. User renames the subpopulation from "Subpopulation 1" to "ShouldStartStatin"
21. User searches for and selects "ASCVD Risk Assessment" element
22. User selects the same expressions as 12. (Value Comparison will be >= 10 instead)
23. User switches to Recommendations tab
24. User clicks "Add Subpopulation button"
25. User selects a subpopulation to use or clicks "New Subpopulation" link to redirect back to Subpopulation tab. (select "ShouldStartStatin")
26. User types a recommendation ("Start low to moderate statin")
27. User clicks "Add Rationale" and types a rationale ("Based on guidelines...")
28. User could click "Add Recommendation" to add a second recommendation for a different subpopulation
29. User could switch to Parameters tab, click "New parameter" button and create a new parameter
30. User switches to Handle Errors tab
31. User selects "Recommendations is null" from the first select box under "If"
32. User describes the error in the box under "Then" ("This is an error...")
33. User clicks "Download CQL" button at the top right to download a zip file of the CQL artifact that was authored and the helper libraries the artifact uses.
34. User clicks "Publish" button to publish the artifact to the repository
